FIX ensure to return 1-D array with single target in PLS* and CCA (#20355)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

  an adequate transformer.
  :pr:`18898` by :user:`Oras Phongpanagnam <panangam>`.

:mod:`sklearn.cross_decomposition`
..................................

- |Fix| :class:`impute.IterativeImputer` now works

>   with :class:`cross_decomposition.PLSRegression` as estimator.

Reviewer: I think it should rather be something like

> PLSRegression now properly returns a 1-dimensional prediction array for single-target prediction, instead of a 2d array. This allows compatibility with meta-estimators such as IterativeImpture.

  an adequate transformer.
  :pr:`18898` by :user:`Oras Phongpanagnam <panangam>`.

:mod:`sklearn.cross_decomposition`
..................................

> - |Fix| :class:`cross_decomposition._PLS` estimators now properly return a

Reviewer: `_PLS` is private and users don't know which estimators inherit from it, as it's an implementation detail. So we'll need to list them all :) : PLSRegression, PLSCanonical, CCA

  an adequate transformer.
  :pr:`18898` by :user:`Oras Phongpanagnam <panangam>`.

:mod:`sklearn.cross_decomposition`
..................................

- |Fix| :class:`cross_decomposition.PLSRegression`,
  :class:`cross_decomposition.PLSCanonical`, and :class:`cross_decomposition.CCA`

>   estimators now properly return a 1-dimensional prediction array
>   for single-target prediction, instead of a 2d array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  estimators now properly return a 1-D prediction array
  for single-target prediction, instead of a 2-D array.
```
